# azazel
He can here you...

Azazel is a project composed of two primary components: a Go server and a Python plugin. These parts work together to allow for seamless interaction with language models (LLMs) and the control of responses, as well as enabling audio-based interaction.

This project is designed to run on **Ubuntu**.

## Project Structure

### Part 1: Go Server

The Go server is responsible for handling requests related to language models and managing the internal project database. It exposes three main routes:

1. **/generate**: This endpoint allows you to send a question to an LLM and receive a response.
2. **/change**: This endpoint is used to modify the configuration for the LLM. You can choose which model to use (e.g., GPT-4 or Ollama) and provide any necessary secret configurations, such as those required for GPT-4.
3. **/info**: This endpoint provides information about the current configurations and settings being used to compose the LLM requests.

### Part 2: Python Plugin

The Python plugin is designed to run on Ubuntu and adds an icon to the system's top bar. This plugin allows you to:

- Send requests to the Go server and receive responses.
- Start a recording session, where your voice will be recorded and sent directly to the Go server for processing.
- Receive and play audio responses generated by the server.

The plugin facilitates easy interaction with the Go server, providing a smooth user experience for querying language models and receiving audio-based feedback.

## Features

- **Language Model Control**: Easily query language models like GPT-4 or Ollama.
- **Audio Responses**: Record and receive responses in audio form directly from the server.
- **System Tray Integration**: The Python plugin adds a convenient icon to your system's top bar for quick access.

## Requirements

### Go Server
- Go (version 1.22.2 or higher)

### Python Plugin
- Python 3.12

## Setup

### Go Server

1. To run the Go server, simply use Docker:
   ```bash
   docker-compose up -d

The server will be running on the default address (http://0.0.0.0:8080), or you can modify the address and port as needed.

### Python Plugin
1. Install the plugin by running the install.sh script located in the ./plugin directory:
   ```bash
   ./plugin/install.sh

2.Run the plugin using it`s default command line "azazel":
    ```bash
    azazel

This will add the icon to the top bar of your Ubuntu system. You can now use it to interact with the Go server.



## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.